it's about repeating a restoration
roberto baggio the bet was successful the bologna return a gunners to
Championships a national talent
heart you try the ea with gentlemen three times the top scorer in Syria
before the worst seasons of the cottage
however, they are two different situations because in any case
he was off the ground the season is not positive
instead I
or even it is an operation behind which therefore
my acting a little more serious than the su
but now I'm fine I have no pain so this bow
leads me to think
I can't do this really well
I let myself go after having focused on him disappointed by the inserted i
goals scored Sampdoria last season
submerged by the criticisms returned to Lazio with the doubt if not to be
finished you remain unemployed
but an absolutely finished way
l normal than negative comments
because they are at the moment in which to run
they are not good I have never heard a positive comment when someone does na na
head
5 hours in the league
at least for an attacker
but at the same time I saw people who said it was over
then he surprised everyone
not last. baggio
it came from a vintage
where the cars had very few chances to play having done very few times
tanuta bologna is by no means snow corby dollar world maps
spin bologna I had no doubts
trust lords to a front-wheel drive team the already robust
all departments but with the strong point at the hearing
let's see and the attack we have
cynical and striker who are all strong text
I think attack
panda funk a freezer that
any anger dogato. side
There he made so many evolving igor lionons prepared for gastric cavity
not yesterday but this year
seems done provola all for which
this is the extra weapon
trust and serenity in any case there is no lack of it starts from the forest of the
last championship you look up
of salvation not even talking about it
I came here to win something
second I was going to school to do
let's hope
bp solar power to you
posed Italian cup a red posada we can win
but i came here to win something now i'm with team where where there is
possibility
contagious optimism if it is true that the young gentleman is not even at the headlines,
all the possible role when
if put in optimal condition I think there is not
nothing impossible
for which double figure I really think so
to let me play
articles that with important ally company the number 10 shirt to a place
in the trident May also leaves the task of transformation
the gentlemen but not only the veridical tower books
water bologna seems to me like creation pulled bajaur wax kolyvanov
I was dying, it attracted me, I was shooting without any problem
have sky